# Hospital Management System

This is Hospital Management System in PHP having 4 panel login system. 
Login--
1. Patient Login.
2. Doctor Login.
3. Manager Login.
4. Super Admin Login.

1- Patient Login--
By using this panel any patient can login using his UserId and Password which generates during the registration of the patient. After Login 
he/she will be able to read his details.


2- Doctor Login--
This panel is used by doctor's for login using his/her Userid and Password which can only be generated by admin or SuperAdmin.
After login doctor is able to see the list of appointments of patients. In doctor login panel there is an online attendance system where
doctor can mark their attendance using his/her userid and password. There is also a payment system where doctor is able to see his/her 
payment and much more.


3- Manager Login--
This panel is for Manager of the Hospital who can control everything in the hospital. Registration of admin is only be done by SuperAdmin of
the hospital. In this section Manager is also able to mark his/her attendance and can view his/her salary details.
Manager is able to see the list of total patients and appointment of the patients. Manager can enroll doctor, patient and staffs.


4- Super Admin Login--
By using this panel Super Admin can login in the hospital online management system. Super Admin can register Patient/Doctor/Staffs/Manager.
Super Admin can controll everything in the hospital like he/she is able to see the attendance , can issue payment of the respective departments.
